Recurrent Invoices
------------------

There are two ways of using recurrent invoices. You can either select a group or
single customer/branches.

If you are going to use groups, start by creating the groups you want to later 
put on the branches, Fi. Large, Medium and Small

Go into the branches. If you want any of a custumers branch to belong to a group, 
mark it and update the branch.

Definition.
-----------
You are now ready to make some recurrent invoice definitions, by clicking the 
'Recurrent Invoices' in the Sales tab, Maintenance section.

The recurrent invoices uses the Template Orders, that are shown under Template 
Delivery/Template Invoice.

First enter a Discription of the item. Select the appropriate template. If this 
should be adressed to a single customer/branch, select a customer and a branch.
If it should be based on a group, set the customer to an empty value and select 
the group you want to send the recurrent invoices to.

Now it is time to consider the interval of the recurrency. If you select days and 
set the monthly value to 0, it will be due after every days interval.
If you select a monthly value, it will be sent on a monthly base and if you select 
a days value it will be due on that day in the month. A value of -1 would be the 
last day in the previous month. A monthly value of 3 indicated a due every quarter 
of a year and 12 every year and so on.

The begin date is the date to start the recurrency and end date is the close date 
of the recurrency.

Create and print the recurrent invoices.
---------------------------------------
Before creating recurring invoices, check that the price factor in company setup 
is set. If you have foreign customers the price is automatically calculated.
Go to 'Create and Print Recurring Invoices'. The due items are marked and a link 
'Create invoices' are there. 
Pressing this link creates all the invoices belonging to this group or single 
customer/branch.
An info line tells you how many and invoice-numbers that are created.
There is also a link to Print the Invoices.

That's it. Happy Recurrent Invoicing.

PS. If you need more groups on a customer, create new branches with this different 
group. Maybe call the branch something similar as the group to easily find it.